# WeRateDog
Gathering data: I have gathered data from three different sources and stored them in separate files named twitter_archive, image_prediction, and tweets_df . I downloaded the Twitter Archive File and Image Prediction File from Udacity servers and downloaded Twitter API — JSON file using Tweeter API and Python’s tweepy library. For security, each file copied using the copy() function in Python. 

Assessment Data: I have started to assess the archive data first and found some quality and tidiness issues. I have used shape, info, duplicate, isnull, unique, nunique, tail, head, etc., to assess the files. For instance, one quality issue is several variables should be dropped because there are many missing values in these variables. Some variables have data type issues, and those should be fixed. For the tidiness issues, some columns on twitter_archive should be merged and created a new variable called dog_class. After merging the columns, the merged columns were dropped. Additionally, the files twitter_archive_cpy and image_prediction_cpy were merged and created a new file called twitter_archive_cpy. 

Cleaning Data: During the cleaning process, I cleaned the data and then tested the data if the codes were running. First,I have dropped some variables such 'in_reply_to_status_id', 'in_reply_to_user_id' ,'retweeted_status_id', 'retweeted_status_user_id', 'retweeted_status_timestamp', and 'expanded_urls' from the twitter_archive file using drop() function. Second, I fixed the data type and merged some columns. Third, I replaced the some of the dog names such as a, an, the, and none as NAN using replace() function. Fourth, the column on twitter_archive_cpy file called source was also changed. The sources were changed from URLs to the corresponding 4 categories as iPhone, Vine, WebClient, and TweetDeck. Additionally, columns on twitter_archive_cpy called doggo, floofer, pupper, and puppo were merged and called dog_class. Analyzing Data: I used describe() function to find descriptive statistics. I also used corr() function to understand the correlation between variables. I used seaborn and matplotlib libraries to visualize the data.

Findings: The data showed that there is a strong correlation between retweets and favorites (r= 0.8). The visualization also showed a strong positive correlation between retweet and favorites. Additionally, the correlation showed that there is a negative correlation between the first and third confidence algorithm. The meaning is that if the first prediction confidence is high, the third prediction of confidence is low. However, there is a moderate positive correlation between the first and second prediction algorithms. Also, the famous dog name is Charlie, that 12 dogs have the name. Moreover, the most rating value is 10.

